// Dawei Huang
// Due 2017-02-16
// APCS2 Period 5
// HW #07: Xiang’s Troubles

2x2: This graph is solvable for the case that you place only one queen on the board 
because the board contains at least an area of one to place the queen in.Once you 
place one queen on the board, the board can be rotated in a fashion such that the 
queen can occupy any location on the graph. Once the queen is placed on the graph, 
you would know for sure that the rest of the graph is closed to placing any subsequent 
queens.

3x3: Since a 3x3 graph contains the 2x2 graph, we know for sure that it can contain a queen. 
Placing the queen at the middle of the grap would not allow you to place a second queen. 
Placing the queen in the corner would allow you to put another queen at the adjacent side. 
Placing the queen along the side would allow you to place the queen at the two farthest corners. 
We considered all cases and the most queens we can place on the graph is two queens.

4x4: For this graph we can place a queen at the first column third row, second column first row,
third column fourth row, and fourth column third row. Since we know that a graph of size nxn 
we can place at most n queens because each queen must occupy its own row and own column, it's 
natural maximum is six queens. Since we wrere able to place 4 queens, the maximum amount of 
queens you can place in this graph is 4.
 
5x5: For this graph we can show that five queens can be placed in a 5x5 graph by building off of 
the 4x4 graph. For the 4x4 graph, we have already shown in the previous example that four queens 
can be placed in the graph. Looking at the 4x4 graph, I had noticed that the diagonals are not 
occupied by any queens so it is no queen could attack another queen using the diagonals. I added 
a row on the top and I added a column on the right and I had a queen safely occupy the top right 
most vertex. Since we know that we can place at most n queens in an nxn graph we can be sure that 
five is the most queens that we can place in this graph.

6x6: From the previous example, we know for sure that we can place at least 5 queens on the map. For 
this graph, I came up with a solution that looks like two parallel rows of queens on the chess map
arranged in a fashion that no two queens can occupy the same rows nor columns. I had tried to
institute this method for my previous graphs but it didnt work until I tried to experiment on it with
this 6x6 graph. Because of this configuration, I was able to place 6 queens on the chess board in such
a way that they cannot directly attack one another with one move. For chess boards with higher 2D
dimensions, I feel like this configuration with two parallel rows of queens with some minor changes,
would be a consistent solution.

7x7: I was not able to figure out a solution in which I organize seven queens on the chess board without
the possibility of them being able to attack each other. I had initially tried the method that I had 
mentioned in constructing my previous class but I was unable to configure seven queens in the fashion of
two parallel rows. I had tried to place the queens in slightly different configurations before discarding
my idea for constructing this graph. I then tried building this graph off of the 6x6 graph and that did 
not work well for me as well. Thus the most queens that I am able to place on this graph given that they
are not able to directly attack each other is six queens.

8x8: When I was working on this graph, I am excited to say that I was able to get a working configuration in
one of my first tries following the pattern that I had mentioned in my 6x6 graph. For this graph I was unable
to form a perfect row of queens but after some modifications, I was able to preserve this configuration with
the exception of two queens which I was able to strategically place somewhere near the middle. Since I had some
extra time I decided to come up with an additional solution to this graph. I came up with a configuration where
my queen chess pieces very vaguely resemble a V with two chess pieces straying towards opposite corners. I was 
able to come up with a solution in relatively little time when compared to the time that I had spent working on
the previous graph.